here's a new pattern and this pattern is
an arpeggio piano accompaniment pattern
let's start with a G chord now G chord
the left hand G chord you have your
pinky on they'll figure on being and
thumb on deep and make it right hand do
the same pattern right hand thumb on G
it'll figure on B you can't change
there's two G course of course you can't
do this pattern on any court what on the
G chord will do the arpeggio pattern
goes like this
start with your left hand pinkie put the
middle finger right hand thumb for the
last note you want to go all the way up
to play these last two keys at the same
time at the same time you put a B and D
in the right hand at the same time see
all the other keys are played in one key
at a time except right here at the very
top of the chord you play B and D
together
difficult
it's better stone finishing if you can't
possibly keep the keys pressed down as
long as possible that gives you a
sustained a kind of tone
okay let's play this pattern on this old
folk song early
you